com/telran/tests/alltests/BoardDeletionTests.java
 com.telran.tests.alltests.BoardDeletionTests
com/telran/tests/framework/SessionHelper.java
 com.telran.tests.framework.SessionHelper
com/telran/tests/framework/HelperBase.java
 com.telran.tests.framework.HelperBase
com/telran/tests/alltests/TeamTests.java
 com.telran.tests.alltests.TeamTests
com/telran/tests/alltests/BoardCreationNewTests.java
 com.telran.tests.alltests.BoardCreationNewTests
com/telran/tests/framework/HeaderHelper.java
 com.telran.tests.framework.HeaderHelper
com/telran/tests/alltests/UsersProfileModifiicationTests.java
 com.telran.tests.alltests.UsersProfileModifiicationTests
com/telran/tests/framework/CardsHelper.java
 com.telran.tests.framework.CardsHelper
com/telran/tests/framework/TeamHelper.java
 com.telran.tests.framework.TeamHelper
com/telran/tests/ilcarro/tests/Ilcarro.java
 com.telran.tests.ilcarro.tests.Ilcarro
com/telran/tests/alltests/ProfileTests.java
 com.telran.tests.alltests.ProfileTests
com/telran/tests/alltests/BoardCreationTests.java
 com.telran.tests.alltests.BoardCreationTests
com/telran/tests/framework/ProfileHelper.java
 com.telran.tests.framework.ProfileHelper
com/telran/tests/alltests/DragCardToANewListTests.java
 com.telran.tests.alltests.DragCardToANewListTests
com/telran/tests/ilcarro/tests/HelperBaseIc.java
 com.telran.tests.ilcarro.tests.HelperBaseIc
com/telran/tests/model/Board.java
 com.telran.tests.model.Board
com/telran/tests/framework/BoardHelper.java
 com.telran.tests.framework.BoardHelper
com/telran/tests/alltests/DataProviders.java
 com.telran.tests.alltests.DataProviders
com/telran/tests/alltests/LoginTrelloTests.java
 com.telran.tests.alltests.LoginTrelloTests
com/telran/tests/alltests/TestBase.java
 com.telran.tests.alltests.TestBase
com/telran/tests/model/Team.java
 com.telran.tests.model.Team
com/telran/tests/model/Profile.java
 com.telran.tests.model.Profile
com/telran/tests/framework/ApplicationManager.java
 com.telran.tests.framework.ApplicationManager
